# Intelligent Contracts Workshop
This repository contains the following assets required to execute the Inteligent Contracts Workshop:<br>
1)<b> Intelligent-Contracts.zip</b><br>
Import this zip file when creating a new  IBM Watson Studio Project<br>
It will include the following project assets:<br>
<ul>
  <li>3 CSV files - Scored_Contracts.csv, Contract_Analysis.csv, Unscored_Contracts.csv</li>
  <li>Python Notebook - ContractSuccessRandomForest-Py38 Using Sklearn - Using Open Source SkLearn Python with a Random Forest Model deployed to IBM Platform</li>
  <li>AutoAI Experiment - Automate the model selection process and open data science to citizen data scientists</li>
  <li>Modeler Flow - Build and deploy the same Python model without the need fof coding</li>
  <li>Dashboard - Historical and Predictive Visualizations using structured and unstructered contract data </li>
  <li>Model - Contract Success Using AutoAI - P3 Snap Random Forest Classifier - This model was generated by AutoAI. We will deploy in the workshop.
</ul>
2) <b>Intelligent-Contracts-Workshop-Guide.pdf</b><br>
Use this step by step workbook to:<br>
<ul>
<li>Automate Contract Workflow (Ingestion, Analysis, Approvals)<br>
     Uses Cloud Pak For Business Automation</li>
<li>b) Enrich Intelligence Accuracy (Extracting Information from Contracts)<br>
     Uses Cloud Pak For Data Watson Discovery</li>
<li>c) Integrate Continuous Improvement (Infusing AI into the Operation)<br>
     Uses Cloud Pak For Data Watson Studio</li>
  </ul><br>
3) <b>data_science_modelops_team_sport.png</b><br>
ModelOps as a Team Sport image depicting all those involved in delivering AI models and how IBM has them all collaborate together on one platform.<br><br>
4) <b>contracts.zip</b><br>
Sample contracts used in demo with Watson Discovery and used in the modelOps workflow.<br><br>
5) <b>modelOpsForContractSuccess.mp4</b><br>
A recording of the end to end modelOps demo.<br><br>
6) <b>csv_files.zip</b><br>
(Optional) Start a new Project in Cloud Pak For Data, import these CSV files and create all the project assets yourself form scratch.<br>
Watch the video below for assistance.<br><br>
7)<b>Trustworthy AI.mp4</b><br>
(Optional) In this 9 minute recording, learn how IBM provides AI guardrails by monitoring key model metrics on and off our platform using OpenScale to avoid data bias or drift with model risk workflow to ahere to reguator guidelines like SR 11–7 that requires model risk management for all models in financial services.<br><br>
8)(Optional)<b>ContractSuccessRandomForest-Py38 Using Sklearn.ipynb</b> Import this Python notebook using Open Source Sklearn and Random Forest Model.<br>
